Branchless ternary, min and max methods (#4976)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/spotty-falcons-explain.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `Math`, `SafeMath`: Replace simple ternary operations `cond ? a : b` by a more efficient branchless `ternary` function.

Reviewer: Just came to the conclusion that the optimization itself is not a substantial change. We should focus the changelog entry on the new `ternary` function and the reasons why someone would use it.

```suggestion
`Math`, `SignedMath`: Add a branchless `ternary` function that computes`cond ? a : b` in constant gas costs.
```

> Replaces simple ternary operations `cond ? a : b` by a more efficient branchless `ternary` function, now supported by `Math.sol` and `SignedMath.sol`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Math`, `SafeMath`: Replace simple ternary operations `cond ? a : b` by a more efficient branchless `ternary` function.
```
